Home Page

Unresolved

By Allan Turner

(Graphic)

Synopsis

No parent should outlive their child, but . . . what if you do? How do you cope? How do you grieve? How do you go on living? What if you can’t? What if someone’s to blame? What if that someone is . . . you? 
Jack and Melissa have lost their daughter, Jadyn, and their unspoken grief festers between them in a vicious cycle of shame and guilt, unassuaged by well-intentioned relatives and clergy.
Don’t miss this haunting, bold new piece from local playwright Allan Turner.

Winnipeg Fringe Festival 2026

Venue and Dates coming soon

(Cast &  Group Photo)

CAST

Allan Turner
Allan Turner has had a passion for writing since his early childhood days of writing and
performing plays and songs for his family. Allan comes to theatre from acting and
writing in the film world. He has written numerous short and feature film scripts, has won
awards for short films and currently has a feature film “A Desperate Road” streaming on
Prime and Tubi.
“Unresolved” is his first formal foray into the playwriting world and he couldn’t be more
thrilled to work with Cactus Theatre Co and be given the opportunity to also perform
with this incredible cast and crew.


Audrey D Enns
Audrey may not be an AI in real life, but she’s already played one on stage. Making her theatre debut in 2024, she took on the lead role of Alexis/LXS9275 in “Companion: A Love Story” (Shoestring Players). Though new to theatre, Audrey is no stranger to acting and quickly immersed herself in the full production process. She joined the 2024 Winnipeg Fringe hit “The Social” (Curtain Call Collective) as an apprentice/assistant stage manager, eagerly learning the ins and outs behind the scenes. As the show’s unofficial understudy, she made her Fringe performance debut on opening night. At the 2025 Winnipeg Fringe Festival, Audrey stepped into the spotlight as the flirty and lustful Jenny in “Rob & Jenny’s First Date” (Dark Horse Theatre).
This Fringe, Audrey is taking a dramatic turn and diving into deeper waters with the role of Melissa. Eager to stretch her range, she is thrilled  to create and play with the cast and crew of “Unresolved” (Cactus Theatre Co).

Krissadie Armstrong
Krissadie Armstrong (she/her) is an emerging artist based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. She has recently had the pleasure of taking part in workshops of new work, including the first workshop of A Manitoba Christmas Carol with Rainbow Stage and Love, Louis through RMTC’s Pimootayowin: A Festival of New Work. In the past, Krissadie has been involved with several educational theatre programs, including MYTP’s Musical Theatre Company and Summer Studio, StudioWorks Academy, and Junior Musical Theatre Company. She has also danced at Shelley Shearer School of Dance and Brady Academy of Irish Dance for the past 13 years. Krissadie is currently pursuing her Bachelor of Arts at the University of Manitoba, where she is a member of the musical theatre ensemble.  


Katerina
Katerina Dawson who plays the role of Lydia, is pleased to join the cast in the
production Unresolved. Katerina is from Winnipeg where she
lives with her Family. She has trained with Darcy Fehr at The Acting
Studio Winnipeg for over 15 years, and has attended numerous acting
workshops with Tamara Gorski, Tammy Gillis, Paul Andrich, Aaron Merke, Jim
Hieber and Carmen Kotyk. She has had lead roles in many Independent
local films, The Day After, Fresh Meat, Veils, 15:15, The Lottery Ticket.
She can be seen in the web series Wasted and a recurring role on Millworth.
Katerina had her first Union role on Skymed. This is her 9 theatre role and
she is excited to bring her acting abilities to the stage.


Devon
 Working currently as a Music and Drama teacher in Pinawa, Devon always tries to find opportunities to continue practicing what he teaches and has now been in many theatrical productions across Manitoba. Off the stage Devon has also assisted various music and theatrical shows in their sound/light production. Most recently Devon has performed with groups such as the Pinawa Players, Interesting Theatre, Springfield Theatre Collective as Seymour Krelborn in Little Shop of Horrors, as Cinesias in RG Productions 2025 Fringe show Lysistrata, and is greatly looking forward to adding Cactus Theatre Co. for the 2026 Fringe Festival."



CREW

Allan Turner
Playwright
Allan Turner has had a passion for writing since his early childhood days of writing and
performing plays and songs for his family. Allan comes to theatre from acting and
writing in the film world. He has written numerous short and feature film scripts, has won
awards for short films and currently has a feature film “A Desperate Road” streaming on
Prime and Tubi.
“Unresolved” is his first formal foray into the playwriting world and he couldn’t be more
thrilled to work with Cactus Theatre Co and be given the opportunity to also perform
with this incredible cast and crew.


Steph J Blanchette
Artistic Director
Stage Manager
Steph is the founder of Cactus Theatre Co, created in memory of Daniel Gilmour and his play of the same name. She is thrilled to bring Allan Turner’s original script “Unresolved” to Fringe this summer. 
Steph is just coming off the success of the inaugural “Little Theatre Festival” she created and produced with Siobhán Keely and Rob Kwade. She produced “Cactus” (Winnipeg Fringe 2025) and “The Siren Song of Stephen Jay Gould” (LTF 2026). Steph also co-produced “Mulligan's Island” (sb & me productions Wpg Fringe 2015), “Once On This Island” (Shoe In Productions 2017), and “Audition Deficit Disorder” (Winnipeg Fringe 2022). Other highlights are assistant directing “Pink Panther Strikes Again” (Winnipeg Mennonite Theatre 2025) and stage managing “Weirder Thou Art” (Physically Speaking Winnipeg Fringe 2016, Toronto Fringe 2017), “Your Brain On Anxiety” (Sheep On A Mission Winnipeg Fringe 2018), “The Weight of Shame” (An Seanchai Theatre Company 2023) and “9 to 5 The Musical” (RMTC Lawyers Play 2023).
Steph enjoys bringing people together to create and play. Stay tuned to see what she’ll be up to next. 

Tim Webster
Director
Tim's performance career set sail last century, taking him through, over, and sometimes under, seas of film, television, children's theatre, community theatre, dinner theatre, improvisational comedy, educational theatre, liturgical theatre, political satire, learning drama, and teaching drama.  Still buoyant, it continues to unfurl marvelous adventures . . . like this one!  Having previously worked with three fifths of the cast and seen the other two in action he's tremendously proud of this team and all their hard work.  Special thanks to Steph Blanchette for the opportunity to play, work, and create in Cactus Theatre, and to his partner Estee for her unwavering support.  During this festival, Tim is also performing improvisational comedy in This Is . . . with the Crosseyed Rascals.  Finally, Tim would like to take this opportunity to deny the completely unfounded rumour that he has had elective plastic surgery to crop his naturally-pointed ears 

Keane Baker
Assistant Stage Manager

Keane Baker has been a dedicated member of the crew for his high school’s musical for 3 years to help produce shows such as “Beauty and the Beast” and “Mamma Mia.” He is excited to work with Cactus Theatre co. to help bring “Unresolved” to the Fringe stage.
Keane is known to get up early on a Saturday morning to bake cookies for his cast but not his family.

Dave Pruden
Graphic & Poster Designer
Graphic artist by day. Dave worked in so many Fringe Festival productions, he's lost count. Acted. Stage managed. Tech. And did the graphics for every show he was involved in. Wishes for a world filled with peace, tolerance, and plenty of parking. 

Dave Sommerville
Website & Logo  Designer
Dave Sommerville is a recently software 
development grad and a proud Winnipegger for the past three years. Although only knowing Dan briefly, Dave was touched by his passion for theatre and his kind spirit. Dave has worked on a number of web projects, both personal and commissioned, and is excited to help Cactus Theatre Co with all their web needs.


The Siren Song of Stephen Jay Gould
by Benjamin Bettenbender
(New Graphic)

Synopsis
A man lands on a woman after trying to throw himself off a bridge in a botched suicide attempt. On the quiet riverbank, as he attends to her minor injury, he learns that she too was planning to end her life over a broken heart. An argument ensues over the relative seriousness of their respective losses, the nature of existence, and the harmful effects of the essays of biologist Stephen Jay Gould. Will this unexpected collision lead each of them back to the dark place where they started, or will they start anew? 

Aspire Theatre Gimli MB
Friday June 26  at 7:30
Saturday June 27 at 2:00
Sunday June 27 at 2:00

Tickets 
Call 204-642-8079 to reserve your tickets or you can pay cash at the door or visit HP Tergesen's (82-1st Ave, Gimli) with cash 1 week prior to the performances.
Please keep: Photo Gallery, Cast & Crew Photo, Cast and Crew Headshots and Bios





